## Recap
Since last week we worked on attempting to get the upload/download working. Finishing lab 7 and starting lab 8 to try to understand more about templating with node.js and ejs page files. Grace looked into trying to get the upload download syntax and base working. Sean looked into doing database things. Ethan was tasked to working on functions for reporting a pdf and how to remove it. Mark attempted to set up our site with a docker similar to lab 7 to make things a little easier for everyone to develop if successful.

## TA Recommendations
Cory went over with us what our roadblocks are currently and what we've been working on. Thought about how it could be split up and not have roadblocks and asked who wanted to what part.
## Discussed
Worked on getting seeing if everyone can use the basic docker container that was made. Talked about our priorities and what we need to do to try and get a functional Web App ready, even if not pretty, by the deadline.
## Future Week
Each person working on their parts in this final part of the project. Currently from our TA meeting we are responsible for the following:
- Ethan- working with the file system with some dummy pdfs and making sure the folder is public so for right now we don't have to worry about authorization
- Grace- working on the ejs files and server to make them show up appropriately.
- Sean- working on Node.js functions to work with the database creating, deleting, etc.
- Mark- working on the ejs file and server as well to make things show up appropriately, will also try to implement express sessions for the login/logout stuff.